[Grace Potter's
"Stuck In The Middle" playing]
♪ Well, I don't know
Why I came here tonight ♪
♪ Got the feelin'
That somethin' ain't right ♪
♪ I'm so scared
In case I fall off my chair ♪
♪ And I'm wondering
How I'll get down the stairs ♪
♪ And there's clowns to the left of me
Jokers to the right ♪
♪ Here I am
Stuck in the middle with you ♪
♪ Yes, I'm stuck in the middle with you ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
[groans]
[grunts]
[grunts] Oh, my God.
[chuckles] Do it again, Elvis.
What? Frankie, wake up!
[Grace groans]
-I was dreaming.
-I heard.
-[groans]
-How's Elvis?
[groans] Oh. Chatty, down-to-earth...
as in life.
Still no juice?
No.
Your numerous calls to the power company
pretending to be a past winner
of the Mrs. Power Company Pageant
seem to have failed.
I have another idea.
[both moan]
Yeah, I'm right there with you, sister.
We got to get our stuff
from Walden Villas.
I need my pills. I need my toothbrush.
I need my pills
and your toothbrush, too.
-But we can't leave.
-Why not?
We're squatting. That means
we have to stay put and squat.
Well, I'll go,
and you can squat your brains out.
Oh, no way, lady.
Bad things happen when we split up.
That's how this whole mess started.
Also how the grill ended up
at the bottom of the pool last year.
Oh, I thought it "jumped"
because "it looked depressed."
Man, I say some crazy stuff.
Hello. My eyes are up here.
I'm trying to find somebody to call
to bring us our stuff
and my battery's down to three percent,
so whoever it is,
they better come through.
Then let's call Elizabeth Warren.
She's the only person
not letting me down these days.
No, we've had fights before,
but never like this.
He hit me.
In my elbow.
I'm not sure what he was aiming for,
my stomach?
I never thought of Jeff
as someone who got that mad.
Oh, he is.
He put his fist through a window...
on a gingerbread house
for a party we're catering.
No, wait.
We made that for ourselves.
But I thought you and Jeff
had an open relationship,
with the "go-aheading"
and all those rules.
We do, but...
[exhales]
I may have broken a few rules.
-A few?
-Okay, fine, all of them.
I slept with Stevie Mazza
in our bed more than once.
Who is Stevie Mazza?
He who shall not be played with.
Oh... a temptress.
I also watched the new season
of American Horror Story without Jeff.
That's not so bad.
With Stevie Mazza...
in our bed... more than once.
Perhaps it's time to say goodbye
to Stevie Mazza.
When we say goodbye
is usually when we...
"say hello" again.
-Oh, my God.
-Come on.
You and Jeff
have been together 15 years.
You can't just throw that away.
He threw me out!
So climb back in.
Our condo is on the 14th floor.
The stairs to forgiveness are built
with honesty and penitence.
Those nuns really did a number on you.
[cell phone buzzing]
It's Grace.
-Boop. Straight to voicemail.
-I can't.
Well, if it isn't El Chapo!
[chuckles]
You know, because you escaped.
I don't know why I said that either.
Let's just forget it.
Uh-huh.
-Well, what do you need exactly?
-Oh.
[Frankie] Ready?
Ready.
[Frankie grunts]
Good.
-Ah. And then there was light.
-Oh, God.
[Frankie] Ooh.
And when is there "couch"?
Squatting is not meant to be comfortable,
hence the name.
We just need the bare essentials.
Knock, knock.
[Frankie] Oh.
Where are our bare essentials?
Katie at Walden Villas would not
release any of your property to us
without a handwritten note.
She also gave us this invoice
for the golf cart you wrecked.
What part of "sneak in and bring us
our stuff" did you not understand?
They have guards there.
Sol got spooked by the geese.
They really come at you.
Oh, Jesus Christ, Sol.
You and geese. Give me that!
I can see that you're squatting,
and although I admire your commitment--
It's illegal and dangerous.
Those are my two wheelhouses, buddy.
We defended you to the kids,
but now you're just confirming
their worst fears.
You "defended us," how grand of you!
Where were you
when they locked us into that prison?
Walden Villas has
a 24-hour frozen yogurt bar.
Without a toppings trolley,
it is a prison, Robert.
Yeah, and we could've used
some backup before we lost this place.
You agreed to move!
Because the kids
ran their little scheme on us.
Yeah, yeah. Watch out, Robert,
they're coming for you next.
I mean, your heart
is basically a cheeseburger.
-I don't think that's very--
-And your whole thing is off!
I told you not to answer the phone.
I heard that! What did he say?
-[Robert] We should go.
-No!
What if it were you and your house?
Would you wanna leave just
because you had a few minor setbacks?
But our house is more manageable.
It's only one floor. That's one
of the reasons we decided to move there.
But that's it right there.
You decided to move.
You weren't railroaded into it.
[sighs]
What if the roles were reversed?
We'd be there for you.
Be here for us.
Write Katie a note.
We'll figure out a way
around the golf cart.
-Hey, here.
-Thank you.
But please, don't tell the kids.
Oh, don't worry. [chuckles]
We're never talking to
those clowns again, huh.
[sighs]
All right, who's going first?
Not me, please.
I still kind of have PTSD.
This is how we decided who was gonna
tell Mom that Paul Newman died.
-She hit you hard.
-Not as hard as she's gonna hit the person
that tells her she's
to return to Walden Villas.
Well, if you're afraid of straws,
we could do the thing
where whoever just moved back from LA
because their relationship failed
does it because they have no job.
Or we could do the straw thing.
Fine. But if I lose
and have to be the bad guy again,
Mom might put me back up for adoption.
-Oh, we can do that?
-I'm ready. Wait. No, wait.
[blows air]
Okay, now I'm ready.
I will go first.
-[Coyote laughs]
-[Bud] Oh!
-You lose.
-[exhales]
And now we all know how to play.
So, let's begin.
Cheater.
[Coyote chuckles]
-[Coyote] Yes.
-And this one is for you, Bud.
And now, I will pick one for Coyote.
Um. No, you won't.
If I'm being honest, Grace,
I like it better this way.
I could tell you not to get used to it,
but then you'd say,
"Too late, Grace. I've already given you
a hobo nickname. It's Patches."
-Hey... I'm Patches!
-[chuckles]
-[door closes]
-Hi.
Bye.
Why is all your stuff back here?
Your dad and the other one
went and got it for us.
They're on our side now.
Well, you know who else is on your side?
This gal.
That's why I'm here, to give you guys
a ride to Mallory's house. Let's go.
We're not going to Mallory's.
Why would we do that?
Uh, for Macklin's birthday party.
Or did you forget
your eldest grandchild's birthday?
No. I remember... him.
Okay, up and at 'em.
Frankie, there's a bouncy house.
Nice try, blondie.
But everybody knows
that Macklin is afraid of bouncy houses
and his birthday is August 14,
the same as his and my favorite actor,
Marcia Gay Harden.
Yeah. And I don't usually go
to those things anyway.
You've grossly overestimated
my interest in my grandchildren.
Okay, fine.
And what is the plan here?
'Cause whoever bought this house
is gonna have you dragged out of here.
That is what we, as squatters, live for.
And newsflash, I'm un-draggable.
-Just try.
-Oh, Frankie!
All right.
[clears throat]
-[Bree] Oh!
-Wait. I'm not ready!
-You're supposed to say "one, two, three."
-The cops will say "one, two, three"?
That's who the new owner
is gonna call: the cops.
Who exactly is this new owner?
Why the secrecy and shadow corporations?
I honestly don't know who it is.
Well, I figured out
what was happening on Westworld.
I can figure out who this new owner is.
And do what?
Oh, wouldn't you like to know.
And button your blouse.
No. This is the style, Mom.
They're all dead.
What?
On Westworld.
Oh... my God.
You agreeing
to help Grace and Frankie was lovely.
-Thank you.
-You telling Katie from Walden Villas
that we are gonna pay
for the golf cart, not so lovely.
And you really do need to get
your geese thing under control.
So I'm the problem,
not the man-eating geese?
[Peter] Just take your arancini balls
and get out of here!
Three dozen balls are not enough!
Why did I make all this other food
if they're just gonna eat
a big pile of balls?
I don't know, I'm not the one
who slept with Stevie Mazza!
Um... Hi, guys.
Nice to see you, Jeff.
What... is going on here? [chuckles]
Well, someone didn't tell me
the Dovinskis moved
their dinner party to tonight, so...
Someone told you in a text,
which I know you read,
because it says "read."
I asked you to turn that function off!
Aha! But why is this happening here?
Because Jeff keeps kicking me
out of the house.
I think Jeff may fall on the right side
of history on this one.
Put that down!
None of this is for you!
I'm sorry, Robert.
My husband seems to think
since he's been acting like a dog,
he can talk to other people
like they're our Great Dane.
Wow.
Joan Crawford called,
she wants her exit back!
Call me "Joan Crawford" one more time--
It's like I can see the shoulder pads
growing while you talk to me.
[Jeff] You are the only one
who thinks this is funny!
[Peter] I don't think this is funny.
I don't think any of this is funny.
[muffled voices]
I finally understand Grace's theory
that all people are terrible.
And you know neither one of them
is going to wash a dish.
We need to get our house back.
Maybe we can get them back together.
Yeah, then maybe we can get
the two Koreas to patch things up.
Or maybe they'll work it out
on their own.
[Jeff] Go to hell!
[Peter] I'm already there!
Or maybe we'll help them
work it out on their own.
[dishes clatter]
Yes, hi. This is Carol Carruthers
of Carol Carruthers Realty.
Um... I'm trying to get info
on the sale of 40224 Seahaven Way.
Hello, I'm the new owner
of 40224 Seahaven Way.
Can you remind me what my name is?
[scoffs] What do you mean
you haven't heard of me?
Have you not seen my bus-bench ads?
No, of course I know who I am.
How dare you!
Who do you think I am? Say it!
There's one downtown.
There's one in La Mesa.
All right, I'm gonna level with you.
My name is Jennifer Nightingale
and I am a tax accountant.
Hello? Go for Nightingale.
[sighs]
-Any luck?
-Nope. You?
-Fingers crossed.
-[Grace sighs]
Maybe I should call my friend, Shirl.
Her brother-in-law used to work--
-[snorting]
-Wha-- What is that?
[Grace] Oh! What the heck?!
-Oh, my God! Dreams do come true!
-[Grace screams]
-[Frankie laughing]
-Oh, my God.
No! No!
I did not order any of this.
What the hell is going on?
Well, apparently the trail
of Werther's Originals I left
leading to the ocean did not work.
Well, we're squatting and we brought
our own Werther's Originals.
If you think a couple of pigs
are gonna scare us off--
You'd be absolutely right!
Get them away from me.
You'd be wrong, bring us more!
Why do you have an overnight bag?
Are you squatting on our squat?
I'm not squatting on your squat
cause there's no squat to squat on.
I'm pig-sitting
for a rich gluten-free baby...
who arrives tomorrow.
Well, the pigs are welcome,
but their owner is not.
Also, the pigs are not welcome.
Listen to me, you old corn-husk dolls.
I just drove from Los Angeles
with two pigs in my car.
I stopped for gas and had to chase
one of them around an Arco Mini Mart
in front of a middle-aged surfer
eating a Slim Jim.
So, unless you wanna get eaten
by them two pigs, honey--
Is that a threat?
Because what you might not know is that
this ordinary phone contains a camera.
Yeah. She doesn't know
how to use it, but I do.
[chuckles] I made it to the finals
of America's Got Talent.
How is this my life?
Oh! You're that Benjamin Le Day!
Oh, Grace, Grace quick,
get us two dozen plates!
Dinner plates.
Oh, he's leaving!
No, go away! Go away. Go away.
-We don't need that old mean Benjamin.
-Go away!
Do we, Sasha?
I'm glad he had an epic meltdown,
but sad he didn't do the plate thing.
I hate how much you're loving all this.
I hate how much you're hating it.
Pigs are wonderful.
They're just great.
-[inhales, screams]
-[pigs snorting]
Oh, my God. I can't-- I can't do this!
But we're so close!
To what? Being impregnated by a pig?
Come on, Jazz.
Ow!
Come on, over here.
Come on. Get into your little pen.
There. Now you can sleep.
Huh. Yeah, I can barely sleep
even when I have a bed.
Oh, this is totally normal, Grace.
First squat jitters.
The adrenalin of day one has faded,
and the fire of day ten
has not yet been ignited.
Day ten?
[scoffs] What exactly is all this
supposed to accomplish?
We're gonna wear them down
till they give up.
Have you forgotten
how we became best friends?
I wore you down. I didn't leave.
I squatted you, Grace.
Oh, God. [chuckles] You did.
And this squat is working, too.
Just think of this as a slumber party.
Didn't you just love those
when you were a kid?
No. I never had a slumber party.
You mean you never hosted?
Because my friend Cathy Gleek
always hosted.
No, I mean I never went to one.
How is that possible?
I don't know. My friends and I
weren't close like that.
And also my mother thought slumber
parties were how communism spread.
-What?
-She had a lot of... strange ideas.
What was she like?
My mother?
[inhales] She was...
Well, she wanted to live a life
that was way bigger
than her life... could allow.
When I was little, she took me to New York
to see Oklahoma! and we went backstage.
She knew every one of the chorus girls
and the guy that played Dream Curly.
I saw this whole other life
flash across her face.
And then she cried...
all the way home on the train.
Wow. [sighs]
You forget how much happened
before we even came on the scene.
My mother made me promise
to never tell that story, ever.
Well, congratulations.
Sharing secrets is an important part
of the successful slumber party.
Well... [chuckles]
What else is supposed to happen?
I suppose it's too much to hope for
"you show me yours, I'll show you mine"?
You wanna have sex with me or what?
[laughs]
No, but I love
how uncomfortable it makes you.
It doesn't make me uncomfortable.
I've kissed a girl.
You have not.
A lot of things happened
before you came on the scene.
Tell me. Tell me. Give me some.
[Jeff] Honestly, I was glad you called.
I'm so embarrassed about yesterday.
Don't be silly.
Sol and I were just saying...
Last night,
as we were cleaning the kitchen...
...couples fight.
We actually fought as we were
cleaning the kitchen!
So, we get it.
And honestly, we just survived
a little rough patch of our own,
didn't we?
But we got through it,
-with a little help from our therapist.
-And our old friend, forgiveness.
It's just... [sighs]
-This is a pretty hard thing to forgive.
-[Sol sighs]
Maybe you just need
to get some help, like we did.
We've talked about it.
I'm up to try.
I'm sure Peter is, too.
He knows he messed up.
And open relationships are tricky.
I can't imagine it's the first time
someone's stepped over the line.
We don't have an open relationship.
Not since we got married.
Oh.
Well--
Did my ridiculous husband tell you
we have an open relationship?
Hello?
[door opens]
Guess this is on, you guys.
Come on, Norman.
[Norman whimpers]
Come on, Sol.
[pigs snorting[
You guys see pigs, too, right?
Unfortunately, yes.
What fresh hell!
Okay, that's it.
Hey.
Hey, crazy ladies.
-Wake up.
-You can't be here!
Grace? Did you hear something?
Yeah. A broken record.
Mama's home!
Who's that?
-[pigs snorting]
-Hello, my pink babies!
Benjamin, can you run a bath
for me and the pigs?
The vet said you can't do that anymore.
-Come on, girls. Come on.
-Holy crap.
-Is that--
-Kareena G!
Aah!
[Frankie] Grace, this is Kareena G.
This is the gal whose videos
I act out for you all the time.
Oh! I really love the one where you try
to twerk against our dining room table.
I put my own spin on it.
[chuckles]
Hot!
Benjamin, tell me
who's happening at me right now.
Well, Gregg Allman's grandma
and this ad for laundry starch
have a bit trouble
letting go of their old house.
I can see why. It's amaze.
But I own it now.
[stammers]
Wh-- Who are they?
-Oh, they're the guys putting up the wall.
-What wall?
The wall to keep all the people
and paparazzi out.
And Dana Carvey.
But then how are you gonna
enjoy the ocean?
Well, it's her house now, so she can
enjoy or not enjoy whatever she wants.
Yeah! See? She gets it.
Then why even buy a beach house?
Well, it's less of a beach house
and more of a place to lay low. You know?
Oh, no. What did you do now?
Oh, we don't need to go into details.
-Besides, it's none of your business.
-It's okay, it's all over social.
Yeah, I think I saw this.
Yeah, I was visiting an elementary school
and I was maybe a little wasted
and I posted a video
of these third graders screaming
"Eat shit, Kristen Bell!"
-She's just too perfect.
-I get it.
Anyway, [sighs]
my whole team is upset.
My publicist freaked out
and so my manager says
I need to hide out here,
and my mom thinks is great,
because she thinks
I need to tone it down in general.
I know that game because we're having
trouble with our team, too.
Yeah, they're really riding us.
You two put a saddle
on your backs and asked us to ride you.
Can we please not talk
about riding our mothers?
Yeah, I'm very uncomfortable
with that imagery.
Could you call my kids?
not right now but maybe later?
Totes.
Uh... Okay to move that?
Um...
I'm sorry. I'm unclear
if this is garbage or your life.
-You can move it.
-No, nothing's moving!
We're not moving.
Our garbage isn't moving.
And I am un-draggable. Try.
-One, two, three.
-Not you!
You got this, right?
[sighs]
Oh...
Hey. Hey. You wanna see
what happens to Dana Carvey?
-Oh, God, my knee!
-[Frankie] Oh, Grace! Are you okay?
-[Frankie] Grace!
-[Grace] Oh!
-[exhales]
-Really? You couldn't see through that?
Miss G? Miss G?
Fuck. Hey!
-Hey.
-[both panting]
I think you may not understand
what this house means to us.
I mean, I had
my first slumber party here last night.
Yes, like, the first ever.
But that's the kind of stuff
that happens in this house:
magical human stuff
that Grace is doing for the first time.
Yeah. [stammers]
So, we can't leave.
Except you are leaving. I'm sorry.
And look, I get it.
Last week I was asked
to leave the runway at LAX
and I was, like,
"Then where is terminal three?"
But that's just it. You're Kareena G.
You can go wherever you want.
You don't belong in La Jolla.
It certainly wasn't my first choice.
Go do your first choice.
What was your first choice?
You know, somewhere chill,
where I can, like, do me and party
all night but, like, thoughtfully...
with people
who are spiritual, but also rich.
-Real quick, snakes: yea or nay?
-They're delicious.
-Okay. I know where she should go.
-[chuckles]
Santa Fe.
No! No, no, no, no, no.
[panting]
She needs to be here, where the ocean
is calming and she can finish her album.
Yeah, and she's close to LA
so you can keep tabs on her,
like a rat in a cage instead of a snake
galloping free in Santa Fe.
I mean, literally, down the street,
every day, a snake parade.
Which is why she's not going there.
Who says she's not going there?
I'm sick of being told what to do.
"Say this." "Don't say that."
"Put that pan down, Kareena G. It's hot."
[Grace] You know what we always say
every time someone tries to tell us
what we shouldn't do?
-"Fuck it."
-That started yesterday.
-It was the day before yesterday.
Well, now it's our thing.
Okay. Get ready to be, like, "What!?"
-[Frankie gasps]
-[Kareena] It's Morse code for "fuck it."
I see that. [imitates explosion]
Frankie knows Morse code?
Is that odder than anything else
you know about her?
Live the tattoo.
I mean, so you got a bunch of kids
to say bad things about someone
I think I know, but I'm not sure.
You don't know who Kristen Bell is?
Awesome, I'm gonna tell her.
But the point is, did you mess up
doing something you wanted to do?
Or are you messing up doing something
that everyone else is telling you to do?
Because that's what we did.
Yeah. And we don't do that anymore.
I mean, you're young.
You don't wanna waste your time
being someplace you don't wanna be.
I love that advice.
You're right. I don't wanna be here.
I think I wanna try Santa Fe.
Grace, call the balloon.
That's it!
This, right here,
that's a wrap on Benjamin Le Day.
None of this Kareena G stuff.
I'm done, baby.
I'm not no babysitter.
Who you think you are?
I ain't studyin' you.
-[Grace] Yeah!
-[Frankie] Yay.
I guess our moms
are getting their house back.
Now that a celebrity's on board,
I'm kinda fine with it.
Well, I am not fine with it.
I don't think it matters.
One, two, three...
[together] Eat shit, Kristen Bell!
-[waves crashing]
-[birds chirping]
I can't believe you guys
just squatted here.
Noice.
We got our house back.
[chuckles]
Yeah. It worked.
-You were right.
-[exhales]
-[chuckles softly]
Say that again, please. [chuckles]
-Don't press your luck.
-[Frankie laughing]
Hey, can you do that thing again?
What thing?
Oh.
[exhales]
[meditative vocalizing]
-That is amazing.
-Yeah. [chuckles]
Wait till the seagulls start circling.
-I wanna try it!
-Okay.
[in deep voice] Oh.
Channel your inner cow.
[meditative vocalizing]
Now ride that cow to the moon.
I miss the pigs.
[laughs]
♪ I'm back in baby's arms ♪
♪ How I miss those loving arms ♪
♪ I'm back where I belong ♪
♪ Back in baby's arms ♪
♪ Don't know why we quarreled ♪
♪ We never did before ♪
♪ Since we found out how it hurts ♪
♪ I bet we never quarrel anymore ♪
♪ I'm back in baby's arms ♪
♪ How I miss those loving arms ♪
[woman] Okay, good night.